# ENGR103Game
My game idea is like bop it. 
The game starts after all the LED cycles through red, yellow, and green once. 
There will be a randomizer function that will cause either the LED on the left side to light up purple or the LED on the right side to light up blue. If the LED on the left side lights up, click the left button and if the right side lights up, click the right button. The user will have 5 second to click the correct buttons. If the user clicks the correct button it will blink green twice then goes onto the next stage where the randomizer function is activated one more time then the previous stage. So lets say on the first stage the user won then the next stage the LED will light up twice with either the left or right LED lighting up then the user has to enter two consecutive button commands that match the LED that lit up. So if the combination was left, right then the user has to press the left button then the right one in that order. 

The game will have 3 stages and if the user finishes all the stages have all LED lights lit up with confetti and play a sound. After the game finishes, the game will check the sound monitor and if it is above the soundthreshold (80 decibels) start the game again. Then it will go back to the red, yellow and green cycle and start again.
At any stage where the user fails it will play a sound and light up all the LED red then all the LEDs are cleared and if you want to start another game the sound monitor has to have a sound value above the threshold (80 decibels) for the game to start again. Then it will go back to the red, yellow and green cycle and start again.
